Parental Time Curb
-------------------------

There are other open source projects in various stages of development and
none of which cover the requirements I have.

In order to use this system right now, manual editing of the configuration
files are required. Simply edit the files in /etc/parental-time-curb/users.d
and set ENABLE to 1 in order to start tracking (and limiting) that user's
time on the computer. There are comments in the configuration files which
should be enough to get by "for now".

There is now an admin UI, though it's strictly a terminal-based interface.
To run the admin tool, login with an account that has sudo privileges and
type the following in a terminal:

 sudo time-curb-admin

Note that it won't tab-complete in a bash shell. This is done on purpose
in order for there to be a tightened sense of obscurity. Normal users
cannot even read the perl-based admin script (yes, it's free software
and they can just check out the entire project but that's beyond the
point).

Using the admin tool you can manage the global settings, each user's
settings and manage the user's state (add reward minutes). If you add
a new user account, simple reconfigure the debian package to have a
default config created for them using the following command:

 sudo dpkg-reconfigure parental-time-curb

During the configuration process, the package will also setup the correct
APT repository for parental-time-curb along with adding the signing key.
The below instructions are here for reference purposes however, you just
need to get the latest (0.1.4 or newer) build and install it to have the
repository autonicely setup for you.

You can get the latest debian packages from the launchpad repo for Ubuntu
Precise Pangolin:

 sudo apt-add-repository ppa:onest8/time-curb
 sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install parental-time-curb

For Debian Wheezy, you'll need to manually add the repo (I've had
problems with Debian's apt-add-repository command):

 echo "deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/onest8/time-curb/ubuntu precise main" | \
   sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/parental-time-curg.list > /dev/null
 sudo apt-key adv --keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com --recv-keys 34E4DEABDA279EE6
 sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install parental-time-curb

If you have any questions, comments, concerns, feature requrests or just
want to say hi; feel free to email me at kevin AT krinke DOT ca.
